hello youtube this is dr. Schrieber
again with another secret PlayStation
Vita video this is like par 15 of my
playstation vita marathon okay in this
video i shall show you guys about the
hidden feature in pain park let's load
it up the secret color mixing technique
which hasn't been given in the options
or anywhere on this app even in the
digital manual let's start this is the
interface of pain park and see it on
this as you know you can select a
different paint brushes the main secret
here is you can actually mix colors up
however you want for example if i want
to mix yellow with blue hold it hold on
the yellow and with the other finger
select blue sea there is a color combo
let's test yellow with another blue you
can actually mix up as many colors as
you want as long as you don't let go of
this first finger to by which you have
selected a color this is a pretty cool
feature which hasn't been given hey
there if you want to mix up like yellow
and red here we go orange let's increase
the size of brush
see you get a whole bunch of assortment
of colors the DS there is nothing short
of the color palettes which are present
in any forum or any website for that
matter it includes everything can
imagine a shin is your only limit now
hope you enjoyed this video with this
you can bring up a great set of paint
Park in diverse and don't forget to
watch my next video in which I tell you
guys how to download youtube videos not
true javascript bookmark and anything in
a very easy way it will be uploaded and
like another 15 minutes hope you enjoyed
this additional assortment of color
palettes and i hope you create some
great things in plain park this is it
rock river again please rate comment and
subscribe it's been a really warm
support from you subscribers thanks a
lot